[Music]
there are few things that man truly
loves NASA's home that's his family not
every man to say that he takes care of
his only he bought a building and moved
his entire family into it now he's
paying the rent I know for the first
time in a long time I've got the people
I love close to me know what you've done
no I see you every day I've done things
I'm not necessarily proud of to get them
are you attractive you are not seriously
telling me how to run my life Jack real
man does what he has to do to protect me
she was big enough for the both of us
neither gonna work this out are we gonna
kill each other
which I don't think I even know what
marriage means if you luck me you
survived and so there's even a glimpse
of happiness out there you do your best
and you hold on with two hands tell me
this had nothing to do with us he's had
nothing to do with us talk to you know
me I was wrong about you being a man I
know what you trying to do jack all I've
ever wanted is for my family to be happy
[Music]